README.md, before:

# typing

A simple "invaders" game to help practice typing.


    
                                                              l
    
                                                  j
                                                      f
                      f
    
                                k
                                              k
                                             k
    
                     j
                                                              f
    
    
    
                    .....   |||                    ..   ||||       #####       ====
     ##########..........###|||      .....#####    ..   ||||..... =#####       ====
     ##########..........###|||  .........#########..|||||||..... =#####       ====
    ###########..........###|||  .........#########..|||||||.....|=#####..||   ====
    ###########..........###|||##.........#########..|||||||.....|=#####..||==.====
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Level  1     Score:      0   Remaining: 100

Type the letters or words as they fall from the screen; you'll get points as they explode.
They'll start falling faster as you go along. If you manage to get all the invading letters 
or words, move on to the next level where it gets harder.

Watch out! If the letter hits the city below, it'll blow up and take out part of a building. 
If your city is gone, the game is over.

# Start

Run with any Python interpreter (2.7+). Requires a curses-compatible terminal (most terminals support curses).

    python typing.py

Commit message:

Add ammo limit to prevent keyboard mashing

README.md, after:

# typing

A simple "invaders" game to help practice typing.


    
                                                              l
    
                                                  j
                                                      f
                      f
    
                                k
                                              k
                                             k
    
                     j
                                                              f
    
    
    
                    .....   |||                    ..   ||||       #####       ====
     ##########..........###|||      .....#####    ..   ||||..... =#####       ====
     ##########..........###|||  .........#########..|||||||..... =#####       ====
    ###########..........###|||  .........#########..|||||||.....|=#####..||   ====
    ###########..........###|||##.........#########..|||||||.....|=#####..||==.====
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Level  1     Score:      0   Remaining: 100   Ammo:  250

Type the letters or words as they fall from the screen; you'll get points as they explode.
They'll start falling faster as you go along. If you manage to get all the invading letters 
or words, move on to the next level where it gets harder.

Watch out! If the letter hits the city below, it'll blow up and take out part of a building. 
If your city is gone, the game is over.

# Start

Run with any Python interpreter (2.7+). Requires a curses-compatible terminal (most terminals support curses).

    python typing.py

You can add the desired starting level as a number on the command line.

# Stop

Hit the **End** or **Esc** key on your keyboard to quit.
